[SCREAMING]
Remember, the safety of the citizens
above all else.
Even your own. We know.
No worries, Batman.
No bystanders will get bashed
with the Outsiders on the job.
[GRUNTING]
Metamorpho, you have to keep
collateral damage to a minimum.
Sari')!-
Contain Despero without destroying
the city in the process.
[BASHING]
Katana, what are you doing?
You're not listening.
[GRUNTS]
BLACK LIGHTNING:
Pretty fast for a big guy...
...but if you wanna beat the Outsiders,
you've gotta be lightning fast.
Katana, Black Lightning,
you're making rookie mistakes.
Are you kidding?
We've got this purple punk on the ropes.
Hopefully.
Remember, strategy and teamwork.
Now take him down.
Ha! That was almost too easy.
- Are you gonna make us clean it up?
BATMAN: No.
You're going to keep doing it
until you get it right.
COMPUTER: Initiate training sequence
Alpha Bar, take 24.
[sun-nus]
[MUSIC PLAYING
& PEOPLE CHATTERING]
Didn't ask you to sit.
That's because
you ain't got no manners.
Son, if you had manners...
...you'd have covered up
that awful mess of a face you got...
...before strutting in here.
[LAUGHING]
I don't think it's nice,
you laughing, Arges.
How do you know my name?
Your name's on my list.
And you probably know mine too.
It's Hex.
Jonah Hex.
Well, I know when I'm outgunned.
But it seems you don't know
when you've been outsmarted.
[GRUNTS]
Lowlife bounty hunters ain't welcome
in this town.
And I aim to make an example
out of you.
[WHISTLES]
Let's see if we can't get you
some scars of your own.
Hex to Warworld, ready for transport.
MONGUL: Again, Jonah Hex lives up
to his timeless reputation.
The greatest bounty hunter
of the millennia.
I don't need flattery from a two-bit,
bushwhacker like you, Mongul.
I'm sick of rounding up roughnecks
for your entertainment.
Entertainment?
My family created Warworld...
...and here, fights are more
than just entertainment.
They are life.
Now, I made good on my word
to bring you fighters.
It's time for you to keep yours
and send me back to my time.
You're right. But first, one more job.
My sister's gladiators
have been dominating the games.
And there's a warrior who might shift
the odds back in my favor.
Two days ago, Zebra-Man,
you told the parole officer...
...you would never use magnetic powers
for evil again.
[GRUNTING]
Looks like you'll never change
your stripes.
Desperate times will twist a man in ways
he never thought he'd bend.
Hex? What are you doing
in the future?
Just trying to make it back
to the past.
Warworld.
This ain't personal.
Now, I always took you
for a civilized fella.
Except for that goofy getup
you parade around in.
So I expect you'll come along
without stirring up a fuss.
Don't mistake my patience
for compliance, Hex.
If you're trying to do this
the hard way...
...you'd better have something better
on the draw than boomerangs.
What does Mongul have on you, Hex?
Saved my hide.
Except, in doing it,
he yanked me to the future.
He ain't gonna send me back
till I repay my debt.
[GRUNTS]
And I aim to repay my debt.
A Gordanian or space pirate
is one thing...
...but capturing the legendary Batman?
Outstanding work, Jonah.
I did just like I said I would.
Now make good on your promise.
I'm afraid not.
You are far too valuable an asset.
Shoot me
and you'll be trapped here forever.
At least I'll have something
to smile about.
MONGAL: Ah-ah-ah!
I wouldn't. My brother may be scum...
...but without him, I'd have no one
to humiliate in the games.
So I must ask you to stand down
or feel the wrath of my Furies.
Come on, cowboy.
I wouldn't mind a crack at you.
Another time, perhaps.
I like big guys like you, Mongul...
"because when you fall,
you make a real big racket.
And you will fall.
That's my word.
Ma am!
MONGAL:
His reputation is certainly great...
...but how long will he last against
my undefeated champion, Steppenwolf?
Let's find out.
[CROWD CHEERING]
From your planet's throne...
...I welcome you to the game
with one winner and no rules:
Battle Arena Warworld.
Steppenwolf is about to do
terrible things to us.
Listen, strength comes in numbers.
We can survive this if we work together.
Yeah? A guy in the last battle
said the same thing.
- How'd that work out for him?
- Ask him yourself.
Right.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the people's champion:
Steppenwolf.
Hundreds before you have fallen
by my axe.
Which of you will be next to accept
such an honor?
[GRUNTS]
Not a fan of Battle Arena Warworld,
I take it?
Afraid not.
If you watched the battles,
you'd know by now...
...cheating is the only way to win.
Since you've been doing such good work
for Mongul...
...I'd be happy to send you back
to your time...
...simply to put him at a disadvantage.
A map to the time tunnel platform...
...and a transceiver you'll need
to activate it.
How do I know you're not just full
of cowpies like your swindling brother?
Because my motives
are entirely selfish.
Ma am!
[GRUNTING]
If I slow him clown long enough,
can you get a clear shot?
If you can slow him down, yes.
Or at least buy myself enough time
to escape.
Looks like you're about to lose again.
It's not over yet.
I was promised a battle
with warriors...
...and instead,
I find nothing but cowards.
Arrogance will be your undoing.
Now.
I should have seen that one coming.
It's you who has been undone...
...by your faith in your
fellow competitors. Ha-ha-ha-ha!
I don't think it's nice, you laughing.
- What's he doing there?
This Hex character's trouble.
So you're the famed bounty hunter...
...who consistently fails
to bring me worthy opponents?
You will fall as easily as them.
Now that just tears it.
The outcome is always the same
for those who take on Steppenwolf.
Defeat.
Then you're about to be humbled
by the hammers of justice.
There's no way.
Batman 1, Steppenwolf 0.
Well, I'll be, you done did it.
Now, come on,
we got bigger hogs to tie up.
Told you he was tough.
Ahh! Cheater.
[LAUGHS]
You're the cheater for trying
to send Hex away behind my back...
...but I assure you,
whatever foolish reason kept him here...
...has nothing to do with me.
- Where are we headed?
- To free the prisoners.
Then I'm gonna take that time tunnel
back home.
MONGAL: You should have left Warworld
when you had the chance, Hex.
Because now I'll make sure
you'll never leave at all.
Stompa, Lashina,
tear our guests apart.
That one's mine.
Got a thing for guys with scars.
[STOMPA GRUNTING]
[LASHINA GRUNTING]
Ohh. Now things really get interesting.
You gonna shoot
an unarmed opponent?
Fair's fair.
Besides, hand-to-hand combat
is so much more personal.
You can tell a lot about a fella
by the way he fights.
So, what do you know
about this fella?
Give me a few more swings
and maybe I'll tell you.
Hm!
Sari')!-
It's been a while
since I've pulped a human in a fight.
[WHISTLES & NEIGHING]
Calling your horse for a getaway?
You're not going anywhere.
No, we sure ain't.
But you are.
[MONGAL YELLS]
Now let's round up the posse.
MONGAL:
Help!
Mongul! Help!
What's that? I can't hear you
over the galloping. Ha-ha-ha!
They're going to
the containment center.
What?
CREATURE:
It's Batman.
[CHEERING]
- Got yourself quite a reputation.
CREATURE: He's with Hex.
Looks like you do too.
[CHATTERING]
Afraid so.
I know you're all real sore at me
for dragging you here.
But I'm busting y'all out.
And as soon as I do,
I'm gonna find Mongul and--
You have very quickly
become far more trouble...
...than you were ever worth, Jonah.
Go ahead. Face ain't gonna get
much worse than it already is.
Ha-ha-ha! What a fool I was to think
you would be a worthy competitor.
You reckon there's a doodad in your belt
that'll bring down a raging bull like him?
I reckon there is.
Fry the cell block controls...
...and you'll destroy
the time tunnel platform.
Hex will never get home.
Go ahead.
He kidnapped you. Destroy him.
It's you we want.
[MONGAL GRUNTS]
Suppose I won't be needing this
anymore.
Well, partner, time to get you home.
I've done my share of time travel.
If you come with me,
I'm sure I can get you back home.
No. I figure I'll stick around here
for a spell, see what comes of it.
Good luck.
See you when I see you.
Giddy“?-